# Self Evaluation

- This final CFU encompassed everything you've learned in Mod 0, and maybe even required some learning outside of what you've explicitly been taught. How did it feel as you faced these challenges?
 - This was very challenging, I feel pretty defeated not being able to complete these challenges and get the result that I was looking for, but excited to learn how to do this and combine the technical skills that we've learned so far into one challenge. For right now, I think it is time to submit and walk away but I plan to come back to this challenge. I felt like during this challenge I was continually getting syntax errors with my curly brackets, so I was waisting a lot of time looking through my code to find the extra or missing curly bracket. I was also getting plenty of other errors like "ReferenceError:age is not defined" while using if statements. I tried to Google things like "javascript conditionals used in class to change property value", and "javascript using method in a class example" but didn't have much luck.
 - I also felt like the stress of the eval really drained my energy. I planned todo this lesson after the eval so I wouldn't have to worry about it but as a result I don't think that I effectively used my time well today. I will have to keep this in mind in the future regarding evals and interviews and trying to plan ahead with assignments, so I don't have a huge assignments or new concept to learn after a stressful eval or interview.
- How is your workflow going, in terms of taking breaks, staying focused, etc.?
 - I need to work on following a calendar and allowing myself to take breaks that I've accounted for an are in my schedule. I tend to try to push through to get things done and don't take breaks, but I feel like if I allowed myself to take breaks I would be more focused while working.
- What do you need to do to be ready for intense technical lessons and challenges like this, for 6 hours/day next week? What support do you need?
  - I feel like I need to be more confident in my abilities. I want to go into Mod 1 feeling confident, so over the next two weeks before Mod 1 starts I am going to go back to the mod 0 content and review it and start to pre-read Mod 0 lessons. I will also need support from my partner to manage all the chores around the house and make sure that I communicate with him effectively.
